---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

### Project and Installation
The open source project that my teammates and I selected was Gatsby, a web framework meant to aid 
in the development of apps and websites. The framework prides itself on optimization and convenience. 
Part of what made the project so appealing was the detailed documentation, the active and amicable 
discussion forum, and the large amount of issues to choose from.

__3/7/2020__: The installation procedure was attempted on Windows 10 on my desktop. Initially, I went to the development setup page on Gatsby's website. While there, I proceeded to install versions 12.16.1 and 1.22.1 of the Node and Yarn applications, respectively. After that, I cloned onto my desktop the Hunter OSS Gatsby fork that was created earlier in the week. I encountered an obstacle when trying to install further dependencies. When I ran the command __`yarn run bootstrap`__, I received the following message:

__`C:\Users\Moses Adewu>yarn run bootstrap`__

__`yarn run v1.22.1`__

__`error Couldn't find a package.json file in "C:\\Users\\Moses Adewu"`__

__`info Visit https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/cli/run for documentation about this command.`__

At the time, my computer had some pending updates to be completed, necessitating an interruption to the process.
I anticipate having to browse and relocate the cloned repository in order to rectify the issue.

### Issues of interest
While there are `good first issue` labels for newcomers, most of them have been claimed by other 
contributors. To deal with such scarcity, it will be necessary to revise filter options. Having said that,
I plan on filtering issues by, amongst other labels, overall impact, overall effort and type of issue(i.e. documentation, analytic). As Gatsby is primarily in JavaScript, I plan on educating myself on the language and reviewing further Gatsby documentation.

### External OSS 
I added a clothing store which recently opened near my home, [Karma Urban Wear](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81939337), to OpenStreetMap. In addition, I did further reading on Git usage and Wikipedia contribution policies.
