## Potential Open Source Contributions
The idea of being able to enhance the functionalty of tools that I commonly use, directly or indirectly, is very appealing. To that end, my preferred contributions would include the following:
* Submitting bug reports to the core maintainers.
* Incrementally experimenting with copies of the source code to customize key features.
* Enriching other contributors' knowledge of the project via creating relevant navigational documentation.
* Extend project life and interest by simplifying the concepts used to maintain it.

## FOSS Benefits
  ### Skills
  * My communication skills will be honed. Time is valuable, so being able to summarize 
      complicated issues will boost workflow speed.
  * My technological expertise will be developed. Open source projects will expose me to new technologies and their uses.
  * Proper code documentation will be enforced. Contributing will instill in me the ability to write meaningful comments in code.
  * Critical and lateral thinking skills will be enhanced. Reading different implementations of various programming concepts (i.e. loops, arrays, data structures and algorithms, etc.) will expand my options when it comes to designing and implementing potential contributions.
  ### Career
  * Teamwork will be improved. Division of labor will force me to better manage my time and function more effectively under pressure.
  * Different companies function differently. Seeing projects maintained by said companies will help me identify common trends in project maintenance that I should emulate and business idiosyncrancies that could be used to best determine suitable companies of employment.
  ### Personal Network
  * Self promotion is the key to thriving in business. Tinkering with open source projects will demonstrate my interest in problem solving and my expanding skillset. 
  ### Preparations
  * I will learn how to learn. Reviewing documentation and the relevant technologies will improve my study habits, enabling me to keep up with the dynamic world of technology.
