---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

## Recap: 
This week, the class was split into groups and assigned different open source projects to evaluate. My group was assigned GNOME Web (Epiphany),
an open source web browser. For something that functions like Firefox, Google Chrome and Explorer Edge, the project was surprisingly small, containing a little over 156,000 lines of code. For reference, Firefox has at least 20 million lines of code and Chromium (Google Chrome) at least 25 million.

Finding answers to the quantifiable questions was rather vexing. For one, the relevant repository hosting service used was GitLab, not GitHub, meaning that many of the information retrieval tips for GitHub did not apply. Issues had to be counted manually instead of simply being filtered by closure date. In addition, not all of the key documents (`README`,`CONTRIBUTING`,`CODE OF CONDUCT`,`LICENSE`) were present.

Still, navigating a repository hosting service was a learning experience. I made extensive use of the analytics/insights features to obtain commit and issue information. I also learned some search optimization syntax in order to better filter results.

My top 3 projects are [Codezilla](https://github.com/Asiatik/codezilla), [Free Code Camp](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp) and [Gatsby](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby). 

As for contributions, I am considering editing the Inspire Magazine subsection of Wikipedia, specifically the list of issues. It appears to be a semi-protected page, meaning that I would either have to submit an edit request or find other articles to contribute to. 
